README.md, before:

Vunsy system
=====================
Vunsy is a PHP program considered in founding the basic structure of a website, think of vunsy as the Kernel that 
you can use it to make any distribution, likely Vunsy can be used as website kernel, you can build anywebsite using it
just with making your website components, you can use vunsy to assemble it , and it will be your site
vunsy is only a frentend site, so how you can i design my site, you will login using a root and password
then your site will be converted to edit mode, and viola you can add , edit, delete, move your components
add, edit pages, making subpages and subsubpages, endless subgategories
the good news is vunsy is built on the most powerful internet components ( codeigniter, dojo, jquery )
so your site will inherite that features as well,
vunsy is preassempled with a user, sections, package manager applications , and could be extended
applications are a window with menubar that launches outside your site (not connected with the frontend), content,
to give the look an feel of desktop applications, no one can launch applications without your permission
, your site will contain components inside components , any component can be viewed in the page only
or inside the page and subpages, any component can have permissions to determine
who will see it, edit it, delete it, add more components in it.
the desing possibilities are infinite, 
i built that application about 4 times now so it's now the best structure youll ever see
have fun.


[program built on]
---
* CodeIgniter PHP framework Version 1.7.2
* Datamapper OverZealous Edition Version 1.5.2
* Dojo+Dijit+Dojox Version 1.3.2
* Jquery UI Version (1.7.2: for jQuery 1.3+)
* KFM file browser Version 1.3

[The idea]
---
* the idea is to make a site with fast way debending on the widgets and layouts
giving permissions to evey content for several things
viewing, deleting and so.

* so as the section has the same thing
built on it some applications accessible by a task bar like facebook one

-----------------------------------------------------------------
[ Installation ]
---
* 1- copy the vunsy folder to your web folder
* 2- files needed to be configured vunsy/config.php  or make it writable by server and open the install.php in your browser
	
	if you want to make more configuration modify
			vunsy/system/application/config/config.php
			vunsy/system/application/config/database.php
			vunsy/system/application/config/vunsy_config.php
			vunsy/kfm/configuration.php
			
* 3- to install database : 
	open the vunsy website 
	ex: http://localhost/vunsy/
	you can use install.php but config.php must be writable
-----------------------------------------------------------------
[ Running ]
---
* 1- normal site: 
	vunsyURL/index.php
	ex: http://localhost/vunsy/index.php
* 2- login page:
	vunsyURL/index.php/login
	ex: http://localhost/vunsy/index.php/login
* 3- logout page:
	vunsyURL/index.php/logout
	ex: http://localhost/vunsy/index.php/logout
-----------------------------------------------------------------
[ Root default logon ]
---
* 1- user name: root
	password: toor
* you can change it from:
	vunsy/config.php
-----------------------------------------------------------------
[ How to help us ]
---
* contact me and tell you want to help on github
* watch that repo to tell me that you are intersted [ click the watch button ]
* fork that repo [ click the fork button ]

Commit message:

some uncompressed dojo deleted and new code highlighter content

README.md, after:

Vunsy system
=====================
if you are a website developer then you know the amount of work getting the site components together you  have to make a database base minimal structure and 
1.users table: holding users information
2.pages table: holding pages names and titles, permissions
3.user groups table: users groups
4.content table: site articles and every components

and you need to get your javascript frameworks and some minimal backend pages.
We take about 20% of overall projects work hours in preperations. If you are tired of that then vunsy is for you.

Vunsy is a very easy CMS that built on a very simple idea like HTML and all the XML languages 
every website is consisting of pages every page may have subpages and so 
every page has a permissions to determine  it's displayable for that user or under any other conditions 
every page contain widgets inside widgets , the widget display data and may have cells that can contain another set of widgets and so on. 
Every widget may have properties and children , the widget is like a function that takes paramters make a process on them and return an HTML result 
vunsy support the idea of applications on the website every application has a JSON defination file and permissions to use 


[program built on]
---
* CodeIgniter PHP framework Version 1.7.2
* Datamapper OverZealous Edition Version 1.5.2
* Dojo+Dijit+Dojox Version 1.3.2
* Jquery UI Version (1.7.2: for jQuery 1.3+)
* KFM file browser Version 1.3

[The idea]
---
* the idea is to make a site with fast way debending on the widgets and layouts
giving permissions to evey content for several things
viewing, deleting and so.

* so as the section has the same thing
built on it some applications accessible by a task bar like facebook one

-----------------------------------------------------------------
[ Installation ]
---
* 1- copy the vunsy folder to your web folder
* 2- files needed to be configured vunsy/config.php  or make it writable by server and open the install.php in your browser
	
	if you want to make more configuration modify
			vunsy/system/application/config/config.php
			vunsy/system/application/config/database.php
			vunsy/system/application/config/vunsy_config.php
			vunsy/kfm/configuration.php
			
* 3- to install database : 
	open the vunsy website 
	ex: http://localhost/vunsy/
	you can use install.php but config.php must be writable
-----------------------------------------------------------------
[ Running ]
---
* 1- normal site: 
	vunsyURL/index.php
	ex: http://localhost/vunsy/index.php
* 2- login page:
	vunsyURL/index.php/login
	ex: http://localhost/vunsy/index.php/login
* 3- logout page:
	vunsyURL/index.php/logout
	ex: http://localhost/vunsy/index.php/logout
-----------------------------------------------------------------
[ Root default logon ]
---
* 1- user name: root
	password: toor
* you can change it from:
	vunsy/config.php
-----------------------------------------------------------------
[ How to help us ]
---
* contact me and tell you want to help on github
* watch that repo to tell me that you are intersted [ click the watch button ]
* fork that repo [ click the fork button ]
